Fixed bug in testbed where secondary windows could open as tabs on macOS (#2218)
beeware/toga: changes/2208.bugfix.rst

> Test suite should run correctly on macOS now even if user's "Prefer tabs when opening documents" preference is "Always".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The testbed is now able to run on macOS when the user running the tests has the macOS display setting "Prefer tabs when opening documents" set to "Always".
```
